Whoa there, hoss! You're jumpier
than a frog on Texas Tarmac.
I reckon you got lucky, Ricochet.
Won't happen again!
Time, gentlemen!
You see? My skill-enhancement suits
work perfectly.
And a slight adjustment
to your kinetic energy regulator...
...will put even more
"ric" in your "ochet."
- Nice moves, partners.
- Thanks.
So, Ox, if Montana is Shocker...
...and Fancy Dan is Ricochet...
-...what do we--?
- Ox.
- That works.
- Well, chief, what do you think?
I like what I see.
You went to the Enforcers?
Good morning, Hammerhead.
Since when does the Big Man
go straight to the hired help?
Silvermane is being released
from prison...
...and Doctor Octopus looms.
With a gang war on the horizon,
I must build my war chest.
Why am I suddenly out of the loop?
After the oil tanker fiasco and the
Rhino specs acquisition failure...
...I assumed you had too much
on your plate.
Especially, since job one
was creating...
...super-villains
to distract Spider-Man.
With all the freaks running around,
Spidey's distracted enough.
Why spend money
on what we can get for free?
Control.
You used to know that.
Shut the door on your way out.
Life is so sweet.
The old Peter Parker would have been
stuck in that traffic jam.
But not the Spectacular Spider-Man!
Hey, Sha Shan.
Wanna see the pass that won us
the State Championship?
Not really.
Hey, Brown, get the ball!
No, no, no!
Okay, maybe not so sweet.
All right. Time to choose partners
for tonight's police ride-along.
Remember,
this is an educational endeavour...
...a front row seat at how the police
operate, not a social activity.
- Is it really that bad?
- It really is.
But you'll clean up
and we'll still be partners.
So no arguments
over who rides with whom.
Names are in the hat.
- Is he serious?
- Come on!
Sorry, Hobes, I want first shot at--
Harry Osborn?!
- Wait, I wanna do-over!
- Hobie Brown.
Don't say it.
Gwen Stacy.
Mark Allan.
- It says Rand Robertson.
- Rand's not even in this class.
Fine, it says stinky Pete!
You happy now?
"Stinky Pete"?
Like "Puny Parker" isn't bad enough.
At least I had time to shower
before the ride-along. ..
...with the ever-personable
Miss Avril...
...who I can't believe
I used to have a crush on.
Flash, Harry. You're with
Sergeant Carter and Officer DeWolff.
- So you two rookies ready?
- Let the thrills begin!
Thrills? Please.
They're not taking us anywhere cool.
Not with Norman Osborn's
spawn in the car.
Besides, cops don't handle
the real threats anymore.
Spider-Man takes down
all the genuine Big Bads!
What makes you think your costumed
vigilante isn't a Big Bad himself?
Oh, come on, DeWolff. Kid's just
saying what everyone's thinking.
Look, Sarge, we've been through this.
Spider-Man means well, probably.
But when he takes the law
into his own hands, he goes too far.
If you ask me,
Spidey hasn't gone far enough.
Bank heist? Really?
-Isn't that a bit beneath you?
- Nothing wrong with a good heist...
-...if the take is worth our while.
-"Our" while?
Bug, meet the New Enforcers.
Great field trip, Dad.
Perfect. Parker's late.
So now I'm stuck with King Geek
and the teacher. No of fence.
The New Enforcers?
Yeah, gotta love those
heart-tugging reunion shows.
Enough jawing.
Ox, you're up.
Ricochet, go.
Ox?
Ricochet?
Those names might sound cool
back at the ranch but...
We're just getting started, Spidey.
Ox is right.
We got us a strict timetable.
Reckon we'll have to squash
you later, bug.
Well, maybe just one for the road.
It's pre-Columbian.
Some believe the wearer actually
takes on the personality of the mask.
Whatever.
Big Man wants another super-villain.
Same deal as before.
You in?
Happy to oblige.
I've found a new scientist
to oversee the project.
Someone whose temperament
is more in line with these endeavours.
Someone who understands
how the world works today...
...and isn't afraid to make it his.
I presume in your line of work...
...those are the qualities
it takes to be in charge.
No doubt the Big Man
has those qualities.
And I'm sure he knows
you have those qualities as well.
- You're late.
-|...
- Crashed your bike?
- Yeah! Yeah, my bike. Good guess.
What? Back there?
You mean, I have to sit
next to him too?
So, Mary Jane, who'd you really
want to partner with?
- I'm not really a partner person.
- I hear you.
I mean, everyone's always bugging
about who goes out with who.
Yeah. As if a night out
has to be life-changing.
What's wrong
with just having a little fun?
You and me, we should show them
how to do it right.
A date? But not a "date" date.
Are we on a ride-along
or a "ride-along" ride-along?
A real bank robbery?
You've got to admit, this is cool.
No, OsBrat. This is boring.
A robbery in progress would be cool.
Captain, I knew Spider-Man
couldn't be trusted.
This mess is all your fault.
- Me? I'd never rob a bank.
- Not this, you dweeb.
The social order.
You crossed clique lines and put
some kind of geek-spell on Liz.
And now, no one at M-cubed
knows their place!
Even Flash is trying to date a nerd
and she's saying, "No!"
No of fence, Flash.
Oh, that mess.
Sorry?
Damage doesn't fit
the Spider's MO.
I'd guess he fought someone here.
- Go, Spidey!
- What's this?
This hole leads to the dry cleaner's
next door.
Perps tried to hide it.
Call the owner.
- Find out if anything's missing.
- A dry cleaner's?
Why would the New Enforcers
rob a dry cleaner's?
Incoming shipment.
So, Gwen.
You and Harry seem
to be getting along great.
He's a great guy.
And you two make a great couple.
Yeah, we're great.
And you and Peter
make a great couple too.
Yeah. We do.
Hey, whoa, whoa, wrong way.
You want--
Elevator kill-switch disabled.
You got the monitor link on redirect?
Party time, boys.
Let's get fancy.
Captain.
Owner of the dry cleaner's.
Look, what's the dealio?
I thought we got past the whole
geek-torment thing last fall.
We did. Until you ditched
the team right before playoffs...
...to go to Europe with mommy.
Hobie stepped up
and we won State anyway.
Of course, if I'd had a guy
with your speed...
...I might've gotten off
the winning pass sooner.
And I wouldn't have taken this hit.
Yeah, the thing is
I was drinking this stuff.
Globulin Green.
It got bad and I had to go away.
You were playing...juiced?
Do you know what this means?
If anyone finds out, the games
you played in would be disqualified...
...along with our championship.
I'd have messed up my knee
for nothing.
Stop right there!
They're heading for the vault elevator.
Hit the kill-switch!
It's not working!
Spider-Man
It's catchy.
The dry cleaner had a contract
to launder Federal Reserve uniforms.
By busting in through the bank,
the thieves set us on the wrong path.
Gave them time to make their move.
Treasury Department's brought
in a Mobile Command Centre.
You two will be safe inside.
If you don't mind, I'd like to snap
some pics for the Bugle.
And I could get some good shots
from behind that van.
Be careful. And stay out of sight.
Thanks! I thought we'd be stuck
with him all night.
I said I'd take some pics.
Didn't say that was all I'd do.
Now, there's a pretty sight.
A billion dollars' worth of gold.
And we're trapped inside with it.
Three perps did this?
Excuse me. But I have a pretty
good idea who those perps are.
As promised.
Our chariot awaits.
Perps were tough but dumb.
They destroyed the elevator.
The vault is 86 feet below sea level.
They're trapped.
It'll take days,
maybe weeks to reach them.
Shocker's a pro.
He wouldn't have acted without a plan.
Which means if I don't get
down there fast...
...you'll be left with
a big empty vault.
- Wait, you can't--
- It's okay. He's on our side.
Come on, let's show our guest
a little down home hospitality.
Ox, give old Ricochet a boost.
I'll give him a ride.
Oh, great. I get to play
follow-the-bouncing-bad-guy.
Really got to get me...
...one of those shock-absorbing suits.
But until then...
I'll just make do with what I've got.
Exit door's open.
Load her up.
We'll squash the bug.
Squash the bug.
Don't you know any other tunes?
- Skedaddle.
- But there's still so much gold.
Can't risk it. Listen, you wanna
tell the Big Man we lost his take?
No, thank you.
Most expensive bruises
I've ever gotten.
Pardon me, boys!
What a revolting development this is.
Bug.
Get him.
Don't let go, Ox.
He is a slippery little piece of meat.
So tenderise him.
- More?
- No, no more.
Just get it over with, Shocker.
Make it quick.
Never did like to see
a poor dumb animal suffer.
Like, say, Brer Rabbit?
Never touch another man's treasure!
One man's treasure
is another man's brake pads.
Now, if I wanted you to get away
with the gold...
Watch it, you big Ox!
So we just sit here all night?
I mean, some of us have a life,
you know. No of fence.
Saddle up. We're riding out of
this concrete-box canyon.
Is that the geek's camera?
Peter!
Next time, bug.
Go!
You know, they just don't make
getaway cars like they used to.
There's no body, Sally.
- Peter--
- Was blown to bits!
Oh, great, what will I tell Liz?
She looks awful in black.
- Did I miss much?
- Peter!
Wait!
How come you're still alive?
- I took a bathroom break?
- But your camera...
Man, my new camera!
I suppose you left it on auto-shoot...
...to try to get a few pictures
while indisposed.
Yeah. Exactly.
Do you know
what you put me through?
- I didn't realise you cared.
- I so don't!
But I don't want you blown
to bits, either. I'm not a monster!
But if you tell anyone I hugged you,
you'll wish you were behind that van.
Enlightening field trip, sir.
Really.
I'm sorry, coach. I had no choice.
I had to report Harry Osborn's actions
to the N-Y-S-H-S-F-F.
Yeah, the "Nyshsff."
The Mustangs' championship title
is now under review.
Nice, Osborn.
Bad enough you juiced.
- You had to spill and ruin it for--
- He didn't spill. I did.
Title is meaningless
if it's not won fair and square.
Thanks.
You did good.
They'll see that...eventually.
In the meantime,
you want to grab a coffee?